Where am I now?
Wrote a couple files for deploy and service, basically only copied from the last goldenwaste project
Need to configure container pod/deployment (right?) for db next, have a terraform file from Austin’s project with database details but using Docker and/or K8s might be a bit diff?
Ran chatGPT query to check most basic yaml file to deploy and service db
Haven’t changed env details or made secrets file, is config.cfg the same purpose a secrets yaml file?
What’s the diff between creating the db user and then logging in to launch the app? Still very unclear on the logical direction of how the db links to the app I guess
Db created where, all 4 yaml files? (postgresql-deployment.yml, postgresql-service.yml, postgresql-secrets.yml, postgresql-configmap?)
Db user and such created when and where (config.cfg? postgresql-secrets.yml?)
Db accessed from where and how (app.py? app.config.from_pyfile('config.cfg')?)
Need to figure out what the details of the deployment are? Where is this db container going to be, just in Docker?
How does minikube vs AWS RDS fit into this, or is that even a proper question? Need to do both for project anyway apparently
Let’s make an RDS and use that for dockerfile whatever
Configmap connects to db service, db service connects to db deployment?


I was getting errors last night about …

Minikube, docker, issues with something… minikube not starting
Trying to update docker desktop, it was not automatically updating, update alone did not work, still cannot start minikube successfully, trying to restart PC now that docker is updated
What next: Try microkube instead of minikube? check minikube for update? Uninstall-reinstall minikube? Uninstall-reinstall docker? Restarting the PC worked actually, wtf Docker

Cute thoughts/outline/motivation
K8s & Docker help developers deploy applications by building the pipeline of: application, containers/servers, nodes, cluster
In more detail I need to:
Clone the app to build a docker image
Run the app on a container(s) through K8s pod/deployment which includes:
installation
App Db setup
Do I need a volume mount?


Other references for this:
Previous Twoge assessment with Docker & CICD
Docker docs
K8s docs
Chandra, Adam, Sky, Joel, other classmates
CP DevOps repo
YT, discord
